a welcome return to nicolas
bremec in red and white come back after one
season in which the result is one
of the most positive you come back with a spirit
new after a year the cremonese
yes I am certainly very happy with
return the load room here too
because the Cremonese also repeats the year
it is not that it was one of the best of the
my career
3 through injuries so I want
make my start well this this
championship and finish very well
physically, how are you?
preparation still to be done you said
come from a year that is not among the
best but ready for a season no
physically I'm fine because then it's over
championship I also trained
during the holidays
so now I know the goalkeepers
I know him well I had a good relationship
I think this is very important
for me you come back with players in front of
you who made it two years ago
team with you will be more harmony
compared to two years ago
there is some more possibility yes
surely because we know each other dinner a
base of a fixing group and this
I think it's very important to go
ahead a championship so long you don't
instead it worries that you are
however the team that is relegated
at least for the defense
come back it's true a league of pro league
pro and long twenty teams will be difficult
impose oneself before me genuinely not
it worries me because a year happened
half is then the past one
we would like the present I think he had a
new pro league team
we'll do everything to aim go over
with giampaolo calzi last among the
arrivals of the vicenza one of the most experienced
surely you get to vicenza grande
public has known you for that
punishment just against vicenza the year
last you were hungry from so many squares and
chosen vicenza yes I chose vicenza
because I got convinced by talking
then with with with the manager of this
project that I think is a project
important in a square I come to play
in a very important square with i
fantastic fans
certainly the most beautiful square for a
player to play with and I come with great
motivation great motivation why
everyone told me about vicenza but not
they needed to talk to me too
when I came here to play with
pro patria I found an environment
fantastic where you can play football
where you feel you are a conference player
print before collection
lopez has spent important words for you
defined the desire he has to see you
he wanted to play too
strongly to see you in the field but you are
a different player than he was
already from last year other
midfielder in the middle of the field
different features but count on
I 'm glad of you
I'm glad the coach nevertheless
often have words of praise
important for me thank you
yes i am a gamer i said before
I'm a different player than I am
a player with more with more we say
aggressiveness here, however, regardless of
I said that even before I am here
because I want to cut out a piece
important of my career because he has
29 years pass for vicenza
I think it's something really
important to me I'm proud of
be able to wear this shirt
here in such an important stage